[Music]
you know there is something about that
tangle of strangers press to the other
four days with nothing in common but
they need to go from one place to
another and never see each other again I
see evil on this train
a passenger has died so they got him
after all you asked you most kids no no
no no not well it wasn't perfectly good
Alfie had his enemies indeed he was
mother God murder here God rest his soul
someone was rummaging around my cabin in
the middle of the night no one would
listen to me if there wasn't murder what
is going on then there was another the
murderer is with us and every one of you
is a suspect and who are you my name is
acute pehoe and then probably the
greatest detective in the world
[Music]
[Applause]
since the United States Drug Enforcement
Agency we are ordering insulin hi boys
let's land easy
my name is Barry seal that's for the
damage for your sister
hey little darling and you're back some
of this [ __ ] really happened you never
saw me
top your class in the Civil Air Patrol
pile like you shouldn't be flying buses
[ __ ] Miami
welcome to Bakersfield haven't you ever
wanted something more Barry you should
be serving your country through CIA
we need you to deliver stuff for us oh
this is legal if you're doing it for the
good guys
Barry seals a goddamn genius you are an
airline pilot Barry that's how you
support this family is it gonna be good
for us this is how illegal you trust me
oh we're expanding operations Barry
[Music]
Roscoe dug this up in the backyard there
Bill's blown around everywhere I'll rake
it up in the morning
y'all know and caddies have more trunk
space than any other car
I'll get each and every one of you to
caddy for your troubles I'm gonna walk
out of here
I read a damn thing anybody you can do
about it boy should have taken a cat
I was working for the CIA a DEA and
Pablo Escobar leukemia and tuscaloosa
that's 1,500 kilos are in one go get it
done
[Music]
a woman vanished last night
we just found the body prints and the
head
is missing he calls himself the snowman
killer he's completely insane I'm
thinking that he's going after women
that he disapproves of
[Music]
the only thing we know for sure is that
he's playing games with us
we need a way to lure him out
be careful we don't know what we're
dealing with
he's been watching us the whole time
building snowmen cutting things up into
little pieces he's taunting us if we
don't find him this is never going to
stop
another missing moment that's something
we're not seeing
what matters most is that we celebrate
the way this has brought us together
anyone can say that he's trying to hide
something
you can't force the pieces to fit he
could have saved them gave you all the
clues
[Music]
all the people that make life miserable
make life dangerous
what if we can change things the human
whose name is written and shall die
shall we begin your death God yes what
exactly can I do with this death no put
anything down and see what happens it's
not gonna solve a few crimes it's gonna
solve all crime do you think that I'm
crazy I think you're not crazy enough we
could change the world the killer has
taken credit for over 400 deaths
although we do not know how he kills his
victims we do know is not some of
militant force he's a person like you or
me you're the one who flew into the Sun
I'm just here to make sure you burn well
not the good guys anymore
no you're doing
Thomas you do not super
but they want is it gone
so let's give it to them
[Music]
any emergency assistance the Wind River
Indian Reservation I'm Jane banner FBI
welcome to Wyoming by yourself it's just
me that's Cory Lambert he's one who
found the body
this is up on the side I knew that girl
she's a fighter
they have six officers to cover an area
the size of Rhode Island maybe you can
help I know what the tracks say what is
it that you do again God footers so why
don't you come hunt one for me then
why would a teenage girl be out here was
she running from you're looking for
clues are you missing all the signs
shouldn't we wait for backup this isn't
land the backup Jane this is a land of
you're on your own
oh my god
you won't get the answers you're looking
for no matter what you find why wouldn't
your daughter run from home I don't know
why you didn't tell me about you
you cannot blink never
this place
who it takes from us what it took from
you look those in the city
locked on them out here sorry to hear
about your lawn thanks Roger I'm so
sorry mr. Dodge thanks Linda so sorry to
hear about your loss
thanks ed yeah yeah I'm okay ed right
now your pet looks pretty bleak your
Ma's dead Nikki we've decided it'd be
best if your auntie came and stay for a
while
tell him I'm not in paid to go over all
ground like explain what happened the
night of the breaker maybe they're mad
at the house they're gonna take what
they want and leave that's what you
think terrible terrible tragedy
[Music]
sorry I'm buck Cooper insurance claims
investigator I'm here to discuss your
sister's policy been in this business
long as I have you develop a nose for
hanky-panky it's got this faint aroma
but this case you know this one stinks I
got to tell you that kind of nonsense it
can haunt you down the road if you
killed her I mean it was
welcome to suburbicon a town of wonder
and excitement I pass with the promise
of prosperity for all isn't it time for
your new start
are you into the mob for money it's
falling apart may
[Music]
come home to suburbicon you know out for
a ride
[Music]
everyone's already inside explosion
rocked the city today 20,000 pounds for
the names of the Bombers that's not how
we do things
that's five days in a row now does he
want his daughter was killed in the
bombing mr. Hennessy please find out the
names of the Bombers I work for the
government not harassed you used to work
for them I don't know how the bombers
are don't believe you it's him you will
tell me the names of the Palmers he's
trained
maybe Special Forces just wants you to
know he can get to you what is going on
he thinks I know who brought his
daughter do you somebody say a prayer
forgive me
of half the city looking from
then you gotta live me girls oh man
running circles around a lot of us their
hair of us every step of that we open it
up
yes I do
do you based on the number one New York
Times bestseller some bad things and you
I wanna kill those meat or terrorists
for starters yeah you think that
qualifies you for my selection process
my guess is if you and I go hand to hand
you can probably figure out it man I
have what it takes
look at this it's him I read it's ghost
I want rap on the team what is it you
think we do here kill people who need to
be killed
exactly
Dylan O'Brien Michael Keaton the house
you're gonna burn I don't think so
American assassin in theaters September
15th it's quarter to three a mystery
because no one in the place was the day
[Music]
it was a day manatee cannot survive
replicants are the future of the species
but I can only make so many he's got
every gun in the city I've got you
we have to stop him
what are you wanting I thought you might
be able to help me with a case he's
constructing an army
tell me what you remember everything I
[Music]
know you're here
he's on your tail I'm coming with you
what's the plan
learning
you do not know what pain is
why is there fare in the bird food area
ferry lives don't matter today you do oh
and now you keep doing all your gangster
stuff I'm just trying to sell my house
don't worry about that everybody's just
trying to get along and have a good life
all of the races are different just cuz
they're different doesn't mean anybody's
better or worse than anybody
hey yeah where's the diversity I got a
dude in my car
I didn't ask for it but the whole world
is watching okay you don't like me now
not out here to be your friend I need to
know [ __ ] I bought that you got my back
can't hide it would your goodness have
physical towels like the face
what's my face with you and it needs a
lot more conjugal love Terry do not wink
at me like that
always like unit we had him now show us
enroute wait for the calf already we are
the cavalry
what is she
that's magic
it's like a new killer weapon that
grants wishes that's whatever you want
I'm gonna be taller or shorter you want
10 million dollars you're not stealing
that one
[Music]
and I get out of this neighborhood
they're gonna kill you bail me and
that's what a stupid shits gonna start
magic water have to secure it
little tease out of the Academy no they
do not
you're gonna keep coming
hey let's do it
days I can't get out of my head
[Music]
that's just the dark side
we might be in a promise we're not in a
prophecy we're gonna stolen Toyota
Corolla
if I told you about her
the princess without voice what would I
say
[Music]
she deaf she can hear you you clean that
lab you get out this may very well be
the most sensitive asset ever to be
housed in this facility
you may think that thing looks human
stands on two legs right but we're
created in the Lord Jim you don't think
that's what the Lord looks like me
this creature is intelligent capable of
language of understanding emotions
[Music]
when he looks at me he doesn't know how
I am incomplete he sees me as I am the
natives in the Amazon wears a different
God get him out what are you talking
about no you need to take it apart learn
how it works
I don't want an intricate beautiful
thing destroyed we could do nothing I'm
sorry
due to selasa what is she sorry don't do
this that's not even human
if I told you about her what would I say
I wonder
[Music]
we spend all our time here I want to
make a paradise she redid all of it
every last detail when she breathed life
back into every room you're happy I love
him
[Music]
please come in hello no he's a stranger
we're just gonna let him sleep in our
house hello hello did you know he had a
wife yes pictures of you in his like age
what were you doing in their luggage god
help you
[Music]
let's come here to see me I'm trying to
do it into this house to new people new
ideas you give and you give me the kid
[Music]
it's just never enough